Help:

Movement: Arrow keys to move

Other Controls`: Spacebar to shoot

Power-Ups: Move Pac-Man over a power-up to collect it. When Pac-Man collects a power-up, it is activated.

Power-ups include:

        Pac-Dots:

            Run-of-the-mill pellets; Pac-Man must collect all of them to progress to the next level.

        Power Pellets:

            In PMiJ, Power Pellets have the same effect as in the original Pac-Man

        Fake Pellets:

            Fake Pellets look like normal Power Pellets, but are, well, fake.

        Power Stars*:

            Power Stars give you a score multiplier.

        Full Heal*:

            Full Heals heal the player.

        Banana*:

            Bananas heal the player.

        Cherry Bomb*:

            Cherry Bombs give the player 2 bombs.

        Strawberry*:

            Strawberries heal the player.

        Pineapple Warhead*:

            Pineapple Warheads give the player a warhead that kills all enemies on screen.

        Ice Ball^:

            Ice Balls turn normal Balls into ones that freeze ghosts.

        Fire Ball^:

            Fire Balls turn normal Balls into ones that set stuff on fire.

        Bouncy Ball^:

            Bouncy Balls turn normal Balls into ones that bounce.

        Sticky Ball^ (Activated power-up, Survival on Hard or Insane only):

            Sticky Balls turn normal Balls into ones that make sticky spots.

        Light Ball^ (Activated power-up, Survival on Hard or Insane only):

            Light Balls turn normal Balls into ones that make ghosts confused.

        Dark Ball^:

            Dark Balls turn normal Balls into ones that infect ghosts.


The Player: The player is Pac-Man. Players have a maximum of 3 hearts in Arcade and Classic and 1 heart in Survival.

*This is available in Arcade mode only.
^This is available in Survival mode only.
`This is available in Arcade and Survival mode, but not in Classic.
